## Porsche Open Source Platform

We, Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG (hereinafter referred to as "we" or "Porsche
AG"), are happy about your interest in our online service opensource.porsche.com
(hereinafter referred to as the "Online Service"). We take the protection of
your personal data very seriously. Your personal data will be processed
exclusively in accordance with the statutory provisions of data protection law,
in particular the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as
"GDPR"). With this Privacy Policy, we inform you about the processing of your
personal data and about your rights as a data subject as affected in connection
with the Online Service. For information on the processing of personal data in
other areas, please refer to the respective specific privacy policies. 

### 1. Controller and data protection officer

Responsible for the data processing as controller in terms of data protection
law is:

Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG  
Porscheplatz 1  
70435 Stuttgart  
Germany  
Phone: +49 (0) 711 911-0  
Email: [info@porsche.de](mailto:info@porsche.de)  

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding data protection, please feel
free to contact us. You can reach our data protection officer as follows: 

Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG  
Data Protection Officer  
Porscheplatz 1  
70435 Stuttgart  
Germany  
Contact: [https://www.porsche.com/privacy-contact/](https://www.porsche.com/privacy-contact/)  

### 2. Subject of data protection 

The subject of data protection is the protection of personal data. This is all
information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (so-called
data subject). This includes information such as name, postal address, email
address or telephone number, but also other information that may be generated
when using the Online Service, in particular information about the beginning,
end and extent of use as well as the transmission of your IP address. 

### 3. Purposes and legal basis of data processing 

In the following, you will find an overview of the purposes and legal basis of
data processing in connection with the Online Service. In any case, we process
personal data in accordance with the legal requirements, even if in individual
cases a different legal basis should be relevant than that stated below. 

The provision of personal data by you may be required by law or contract or may
be necessary for the conclusion of a contract. We will point it out separately
if you are obliged to provide personal data and what possible consequences the
non-supply would then have (e.g. a loss of claims or our position not to provide
the requested service without providing certain information). The use of the
Online Service is generally possible without registration. The use of individual
functions may require prior registration. Even if you use the Online Service
without registration, personal data may still be processed. 

 
#### 3.1 Performance of a contract and pre-contractual measures 

We process your personal data if this is necessary for the performance of a
contract to which you are a party or for the implementation of pre-contractual
measures taken in response to your request. The data processing is based on
Article 6 paragraph 1 letter b) GDPR. The purposes of processing include
enabling the use of our specific products and services within the scope of the
Online Service. Please also note the details in the respective documents
describing our products and services further to this Privacy Policy. 
 
#### 3.2	Compliance with legal obligations  

We process your personal data to comply with legal obligations to which we are
subject. The data processing is based on Article 6 paragraph 1 letter c) GDPR.
These obligations may arise, for example, from commercial, tax, money
laundering, financial or criminal law. The purposes of the processing result
from the respective legal obligation; as a rule, the processing serves the
purpose of complying with state control and information obligations.  


#### 3.3	Safeguarding of legitimate interests 

We also process your personal data to pursue the legitimate interests of
ourselves or third parties, unless your rights, which require the protection of
your personal data, outweigh these interests. The data processing is based on
Article 6 paragraph 1 letter f) GDPR. The processing to safeguard legitimate
interests is carried out for the following purposes or to safeguard the
following interests. 

- Further development of products, services and support offers as well as other
measures to control business transactions and processes;
- Handling of non-contractual inquiries and concerns;
- Ensuring legally compliant actions, prevention of and protection against legal
violations (especially criminal offences), assertion of and defense against
legal claims, internal and external compliance measures;
- Ensuring availability, operation and security of technical systems as well as
technical data management; 
- Answering and evaluation of contact requests and feedback.  

##### 3.3.1 Retrieval of the online offer 

When you call up the Online Service, data relating to your end device and your
use of the online offer are processed and stored in a so-called log file. This
concerns in particular technical data such as date and time of access, duration
of the visit, type of terminal device, operating system used, functions used,
amount of data sent, IP address and referrer URL. We process this data to ensure
technical operation and to determine and eliminate faults. In doing so, we
pursue the interest of permanently ensuring technical operability. We do not use
this data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about your person. 

### 3.4	Consent  

We process your personal data on the basis of corresponding consent. The data
processing is based on Article 6 paragraph 1 letter a) GDPR. If you give your
consent, it is always for a specific purpose; the purposes of processing are
determined by the content of your declaration of consent. You may revoke any
consent you have given at any time, without affecting the legality of the
processing that has taken place on the basis of the consent until revocation. 

### 3.5	Change of purpose 

If we process your personal data for a purpose other than that for which the
data was collected, beyond the scope of a corresponding consent or a mandatory
legal basis, we will take into account, in accordance with Article 6 paragraph 4
GDPR, the compatibility of the original and the now pursued purpose, the nature
of the personal data, the possible consequences of further processing for you
and the guarantees for the protection of the personal data.  

### 3.6	Profiling 

We do not carry out automated decision making or profiling in accordance with
Article 22 GDPR. Profiling is only carried out to protect our legitimate
interests as described above.  

## 4. Access authorizations in the end device 

To the extent functions of the Online Service require the granting of
authorization to access your end device (e.g. access to location data or
photos), the granting of these authorizations is voluntary. However, if you wish
to use the corresponding functions, you must grant the appropriate
authorizations, otherwise you will not be able to use these functions. The
permissions remain active as long as you have not reset them in your device by
deactivating the respective setting.  

## 5. Cookies and comparable technologies 

We use cookies and comparable technologies in connection with the Online Service
which serve to communicate with your end device and exchange stored information
(hereinafter collectively referred to as "Cookies"). These Cookies are primarily
used to make the functions of the Online Service usable. General examples in
which the use of Cookies is technically required in this sense are the storage
of a language selection, login data or a shopping or watch list. Accordingly,
technically required Cookies may be used by us to enable the processing
described in section 3.1 and to ensure the proper and secure operation of the
Online Service. The data processing is then carried out on the basis of Article
6 paragraph 1 letters b) and f) GDPR, as it is necessary to implement the
functions you have selected or to protect our legitimate interest in the
functionality of the Online Service.

If you do not wish to use Cookies in general, you can also prevent their storage
by adjusting the settings of your end device accordingly. Stored Cookies can be
deleted at any time in the system settings of your terminal device. Please note
that blocking certain types of Cookies can lead to impaired use of the Online
Service. 

Furthermore, we use other technologies which, like cookies, serve to ensure the
secure and user-friendly usability of the website (e.g. by protecting against
misuse or evaluating usage). Technically, these additional technologies differ
from cookies, as they do not store any information on your end device or access
information already stored there. Insofar as these additional technologies
process data that is subject to data protection law (e.g. IP addresses), we
process this data on the basis of Article 6 paragraph 1 letters b) and f) GDPR
to provide the website, to ensure technical operation and for the purpose of
identifying and eliminating faults. In doing so, we also pursue the interest of
permanently ensuring the technical functionality of the website, improving its
performance and optimising the user experience. When you access our website,
this data is automatically processed. Without the provision of this data, you
will not be able to use our website. We do not use this data for the purpose of
drawing conclusions about your person or identity. 

## 6. Integrated third-party services 

Insofar as we integrate services of other providers within the scope of the
Online Service in order to provide you with certain content or functions (e.g.
playing videos or route planning) and we process personal data in the process,
this is done on the basis of Article 6 paragraph 1 letters b) and f) GDPR. This
is because the data processing is then necessary to implement the functions you
have selected or to protect our legitimate interest in an optimal range of
functions of the Online Service. Insofar as Cookies may be used within the scope
of these third-party services, the statements under Section 5 apply. Please also
refer to the privacy policy of the respective third-party provider with regard
to the third-party services. 

Services of other providers which we integrate or to which we refer are provided
by the respective third parties. We have no influence on the content and
function of the third-party services and are generally not responsible for the
processing of your personal data by their providers, unless the third-party
services are completely designed on our behalf and then integrated by us on our
own responsibility. Insofar as the integration of a third-party service results
in us establishing joint processes with its provider, we will define with this
provider in an agreement on joint controllership pursuant to Article 26 GDPR how
the respective tasks and responsibilities in the processing of personal data are
structured and who fulfils which data protection obligations. Insofar as Cookies
are to be set on the basis of your consent, you will receive further information
on the responsibility for setting these Cookies and any associated third-party
services in the corresponding area of the consent management.  

Unless otherwise stated, profiles on social media are generally only included in
the Online Service as a link to the corresponding third-party services. After
clicking on the integrated text/image link, you will be redirected to the offer
of the respective social media provider. After the redirection, personal data
may be collected directly by the third-party provider.  If you are logged in to
your user account of the respective social media provider, the provider may be
able to assign the collected information of the specific visit to your personal
user account. If you interact via a "share" button of the respective social
media provider, this information can be stored in the personal user account and
published if necessary. If you want to prevent the collected information from
being assigned directly to your user account, you must log out before clicking
the included text/image link. 

## 7. Sources and categories of data in case of third party collection  

We also process personal data that we receive from third parties or from
publicly accessible sources. Below you will find an overview of the
corresponding sources and the categories of data obtained from these sources:   

GitHub Inc.  
88 Colin P Kelly Jr St  
San Francisco, CA 94107  
United States  

## 8. Recipients of personal data 

Within our company, only those persons who need your personal data for the
respective purposes mentioned have access to it. Your personal data will only be
passed on to external recipients if we have legal permission to do so or have
your consent. Below you will find an overview of the corresponding recipients:   

- Commissioned processors: Group companies or external service providers, for
  example in the areas of technical infrastructure and maintenance, which are
  carefully selected and reviewed. The processors may only use the data in
  accordance with our instructions.  

- Public bodies: Authorities and state institutions, such as tax authorities,
  public prosecutors' offices or courts, to which we (must) transfer personal
  data, e.g. to fulfil legal obligations or to protect legitimate interests.  

- Private bodies: Group companies, Porsche sales companies (incl. companies
  offering services in the area of Porsche Connect and Smart Mobility), dealer
  and service operations, cooperation partners, service providers (not bound by
  instructions) or commissioned persons such as Porsche Centres and Porsche
  Service Centres, financing banks, credit agencies or transport service
  providers. 

## 9. Data processing in third countries 

If a data transfer takes place to entities whose registered office or place of
data processing is not located in a member state of the European Union, another
state party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area or a state for which
an adequate level of data protection has been determined by a decision of the
European Commission, we will ensure prior to the transfer that either the data
transfer is covered by a statutory permit, that guarantees for an adequate level
of data protection with regard to the data transfer are in place (e.g., through
the agreement of contractual warranties, officially recognized regulations or
binding internal data protection regulations at the recipient), or that you have
given your consent to the data transfer. 

If the data is transferred on the basis of Articles 46, 47 or 49 paragraph 1,
subparagraph 2 GDPR, you can obtain from us a copy or reference to the
availability of the guarantees for an adequate level of data protection in
relation to the data transfer. Please use the information provided under Section
1. 

## 10. Storage duration, erasure of data 

We store your personal data, if there is legal permission to do so, only as long
as necessary to achieve the intended purposes or as long as you have not revoked
your consent. In the event of an objection to processing, we will delete your
personal data, unless further processing is still permitted by law. We will also
delete your personal data if we are obliged to do so for other legal reasons.
Applying these general principles, we will usually delete your personal data
immediately  

- after the legal permission has ceased to apply and provided that no other
  legal basis (e.g. commercial and tax law retention periods) intervenes. If the
  latter applies, we will delete the data after the other legal basis has ceased
  to apply;
- if your personal data is no longer required for the purposes we pursue and no
  other legal basis (e.g. commercial and tax law retention periods) intervenes.
  If the latter is the case, we will delete the data after the other legal basis
  has ceased to apply.

## 11. Rights of data subjects 

**Right to access**: You have the right to receive information about your
personal data stored by us.  

**Right to rectification and erasure**: You can demand that we correct incorrect
data and, if the legal requirements are met, delete your data.  

**Restriction of processing**: You can demand that we restrict the processing of
your data, provided that the legal requirements are met.  

**Data portability**: If you have provided us with data on the basis of a
contract or consent, you may, if the legal requirements are met, demand that the
data you have provided us with are handed over in a structured, common and
machine-readable format or that we transfer it to another controller. 

**Objection**: You have the right to object at any time to data processing by us
based on the safeguarding of legitimate interests for reasons arising from your
particular situation. If you make use of your right to object, we will stop
processing the data unless we can prove compelling reasons for further
processing worthy of protection which outweigh your rights and interests.  

**Objection to direct marketing**: If we process your personal data for the
purpose of direct marketing, you have the right to object to our processing of
your data for this purpose at any time. If you exercise your right to object, we
will stop processing your data for this purpose. 

**Revocation of consent**: If you have given us your consent to process your
personal data, you can revoke it at any time with effect for the future. The
legality of the processing of your data until revocation remains unaffected. 

**Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority**: You can also lodge
a complaint with the competent supervisory authority if you believe that the
processing of your data violates applicable law. You can contact the supervisory
authority responsible for your place of residence or your country or the
supervisory authority responsible for us.  

**Your contact with us and the exercise of your rights**: Furthermore, you can
contact us free of charge if you have questions regarding the processing of your
personal data and your rights as a data subject. Please contact us at
https://www.porsche.com/privacy-contact/  or by letter mail to the address
provided under Section 1. Please make sure that we can definitely identify you.
If you revoke your consent, you can alternatively choose the contact method that
you used when you gave your consent. 

## 12. Effective date 

The latest version of this Privacy Policy applies. Version 4 - This version dates from 05.07.2023.
